BOTOOL is a client-side plugin for Back Orifice 2000 that provides two functions:
	* A remote filesystem browser with a familiar interface.
        * A remote registry editor with a familiar interface.

The remote filesystem browser provides functionality to encapsulate
the normally complex and commonly used BO2K functions to:
	* List files/directories
        * Move files/directories
        * Copy files/directories
        * Rename files/directories
        * Examine and modify file/directory attributes
	* Transfer files from client to server and from server to client 
          (upload/download) using a secure encrypted/authenticated channel.

The remote registry browser provides the functionality to:
	* List keys/values
        * Add keys/values
        * Modify values
        * Delete keys/values
        * Rename keys/values

Installation
------------

	1. Copy the BOTOOL.DLL to a place where you won't forget about it.
           The place where you installed the BO2K client is a good idea.

        2. Run the BO2K client, go to the plugins menu and hit the configure option.
           Insert the BOTOOL.DLL. You won't have to insert this plugin into the
           BO2K server, since it uses only native BO2K commands and communication protocols.

	3. Click on the BO Tools folder in the configuration panel and set up your command
           channel net module/encryption/authentication options to the settings you use
           most often to connect to BO2K servers (just like the server command client settings).
           Set up the file transfer options to match those specified in the server's file transfer
           settings. This will not matter too much, since the server can tell the client which
           protocols to use.

	4. Hit OK, go to the plugins menu and select the tool that you want to use and go
           for it. For the network address, use the same address/port that you've always
           used to connect to your server. Same encryption, same authentication.
	

Notes
-----

	These tools should be REALLY easy to understand. Pretty much everything has a 
'right-click' menu. Upload and download may be confused if you are using TCPIO through
an SSH tunnel. Here's how to do that, by the way:

	SSH Tunneling for BO2K:

	1. Set up 2 SSH tunnels between your client machine and your server machine.
           One for the port you've got BO2K running on, and one on another random port.
           If you don't know how to do this, don't ask me. Figure it out. Let's assume your
           BO2K server is on port 10000, and you have a ssh tunnel from 
           10000(local)->10000(remote), and your extra tunnel is on port 
           13131(local)->13131(remote).
        
	2. Since you're connecting -through- the ssh tunnel, you'll point all your BO2K
           server connections to 127.0.0.1:10000.
	
	3. When you're using the BOTOOL file transfer stuff (upload/download), you should
           note that when the BOTOOL filebrowser client tells the server which file it wants
           to download, the server picks a random port and tells the client where to connect.
           It will tell the server to connect to it's ACTUAL_IP_ADDRESS:PORT. This would be
           instructing the client to transfer the file without using the SSH tunnel.
        
        4. To enforce the tunnel, you have to tell the server to always use the same port,
           in this case, 13131. And you have to tell the client, to always connect to
           127.0.0.1:13131, since the server will be giving BOTOOL a different address,
           and you want the filebrowser client to ignore that.

	5. So, you can do this with the Connect/'Transfer Options' menu item in the BOTOOL 
           filebrowser client. In this scenario, we would uncheck 'RANDOM BINDING STRING',
           and set 'Always connect to:' to '127.0.0.1:13131'. We would set 'Binding String'
           to '13131'. And there ya go. File transfer from Windows to Windows encrypted
           via BO2K, reencrypted, authenticated and tunneled through SSH.


